---
layout: news
start: 2024-10-07
---
_November 2025_

We had an amazing evening at Giant Steps in Svendborg! Thanks to the audience for creating together a lovely atmosphere! Thanks to Jonas Nakel for amazing sound! And thanks to Christos Panagos for video work! A video production form the concert will be available soon:):)

_November 2025_

Giant Steps coming up!:) We are preparing new material and new arrangements for the [coming concert in Svendborg](https://faa.dk/svendborg/kom-og-lyt-til-musik-fra-atlanterhavet-med-ocean-orchestra)! And we are looking forward to present it to the audience on Svendborg Havn!

_October 2025_

Film Director [Christos Panagos](https://dk.linkedin.com/in/christos-panagos) has created a beautiful video production of our piece Klange. See it [here.](https://youtu.be/xCf4pOyZ2lQ)

_Spring 2025_

Booking for the autumn. We have landed a collaboration with Giant Steps in Svendborg to participate in their 25th anniversary program! Juhuu! Looking forward to that concert!

_November 2024_

Lovely news: Our song Jungle Moustache has hit the playlist of DR P8, the Danish Jazz Radio nr 1. We hope that the listeners of the radio are enjoying our sound!:)

_October 2024_

Release of the debut album _¡Beleza!_ at Kulturhuset Islands Brygge (Copenhagen). Thanks to all who came and shared a wonderful evening! Thanks for the support!

_July 2024_

The vinyl print just arrived from the pressing plant in Berlin. Beautiful, thanks to Martin Christoffersen for the beautiful cover art!

_February 2024_

The mixing and mastering process is over. And it sounds goooood:):) Both the digital master and the vinyl master is now ready to be forwarded to distribution. Thanks to Jonas Nakel for the lovely mix and to Michael Tobias for the superb mastering!

_June 2023_

Recordings of the coming album is over. After 3 weekends with Emil Houmøller in the studio at DKDM all takes are now ready for mixing.